I sent the fanatic and we will lose our
camera
sent absolutely all 100 years
bolivar none other least one
centenary institution
the scarf bracelet
who speaks the shirt for today
we are all
so it is not usual journalist
sports one behind a club
and less in a program a crusade like
fellow also obviously
after
after brothers after the saints
martín al es del pastor clove and néstor
and bolivar for our continent has
the feat or I would see bolivariana del
team
vamo bolívar that we can against the
champion of america we can be able to be
we will catch in the treatment
independent speaks
not the truth that we are above
our interviewee admirer of neymar
in saints
and also some three things and without knowing
who is not so easy and
independent today that anyone always
he was so sure patito Rodríguez and not
important enough in the club with
story I do not know that if it comes it says
the back that there is a cup like a
American star who scored goals
important when I needed to face
white bay Olympus when many
they spoke that you could say its
independent and from android to colon
holy faith at that moment this admirer
of the guys without my recent handling
its okay to your car to ask for a
autograph
sure there are some who just
it starts that they have had few matches
First, like that drink that
it turned to racing and mouth was more or
least you also do not have what happened to
someone has interviewed the other
nice version then I have patrician
rodríguez
the pending number
listening to 71 duck field that player
pesos
I put the eye on you always said
sounds speechless we are safe down
thanks now we start well